What's up
What's up What's up
Hi good night Thursday 7 pm Brasilia
and here our Elisângela interpreter of pounds
the astronaut Marcos Pontes and has the empty chair in the ghost Tarcísio was the
agreed and it has not arrived yet I will put a have night there who knows a position
saturday and sunday there it was already in the case i already i already good because precisely that i
I arrived late for graduation I stayed asleep I didn't wake up at the time I
I was late picked up What was the weekend because it is about Brazil with the
The person you love, of course, has already arrived late because he already has the
present reminded me that I don’t believe that’s what it’s showing
the company's air transport road is now
the presentation you made is that you know the air teacher right there
something presidential the simple program which is a program of
deregulation of meaning of air transport and this was born because the
people had been listening to the pilots in the professionals of the transport companies
of aviation Agricultural of experimental aviation right of executive aviation to
difficulty they had Christian cost are coming up there in the ministry
in the program how are we going to do a series of regulatory simplifications
There are more than 50 items of simplification for example validity of the qualification
pilot that will pass will no longer have more validity because the
pilot already takes health exam every year he already trains every year that he's flying
you don't need to renew your license every year, and that is, of course, a course that
people will decrease is a mechanic who will be able, for example, to provide assistance
remotely This is a pilot that Viação that is there in
middle of the field, right? And when she has a problem, because otherwise we
there had to be a certified mechanic going to the field to do the
maintenance is the simulator that will no longer be needed throughout the year out
abroad to do the simulator exercise I was looking
he goes every two years will not pass everyone else that the other provides service
and if it was cheap too everybody everybody wins I intend even because
invite you right I plan to go to Barcelos in the Amazon I want to meet
a little bit I’ll want almost no tourism in the region
yours since food when talking about hydroplane What have you facilitated to
he brought an operation from that region to the seaplane that he couldn’t
regulation by hydroplane he will be able to operate then when
operated was that destination we are going to regularize the seaplane service in
Amazon region come on this potential risk we have a big PIS
And then it passed You counted until the day my friend there who has recourse advent no
do a take the little plane to come from the plane to the Amazon region ok
you can fish you can and fish without any problem between us we have show
the seed too Let's open it up for the
other countries also the staff will go to the region to explore duly authorized
for us even to show that the amazon doesn’t catch fire is impressive right no
on fire today there was a personal graduation from
and the Itamaraty people, right? What’s the name of Rio Branco?
saying that they are our spokesmen out there to show the truth here
inside now tell the truth you are difficult it is easier to lie right Ah ok
everything on fire there this insensitive government easier so i'm going to
school has to show the truth even we are arranging a trip is
via ours a out if you want strategic writing through the Rocha environment
invite them ambassadors here from the countries, right, she, we, I want, I want
doing a stretch together with them is good view Manaus I already did I already did
Bandeirantes stretch I time to give I already made buffalo you will come here in this
the whole route must be in the range of a thousand kilometers in more or less then you
see or smoke ok you don’t see a hectare of forest plus one
deforested and showed this module where it catches fire
first of all everything is the is the small farmer is the riverside is the Indian Tá
right Some are criminals yes only the criminal but the vast majority are not
mark something that happened with this bad part and with all the simplification
but flight safety butter was also not relaxing to remember that people
are wondering you know by heart but tomorrow getting involved today is the day of
parachutist I used to drop a little 400 meters high you went 400 km
with this that is more or less distance rio-são Paulo is raises imagined that I
I’m safer 400 meters or you 400 km Look I think I think it’s 400 km
while inside the spacecraft 400 km without leaving there the environment is completely
But our speed there is already protesting at 28,000 km per hour
huh i will take my student time there to
400 kilometers there is gravity there is this one that you don't fall for
cause of what is movement is the dynamics of movement is basically as if it had
falling off the ground all the time and you can imagine that centripetal acceleration
there she against the scale makes a counterbalance by gravity this is the
all the time gravity is just the two the two vectors right This piece What is the
resulting from the vectors is is perpendicular to the axis that makes the earth shake and and
almost zero the case example the result of them is almost zero because the
season she goes down every day she loses a little, and 400km is still
there is some race she starts to lose altitude every day we lose a little
of the altitude why from time to time between I start the engines what
already activated there to be able to increase the speed that we increase the
speed it stabilizes a great being want to go back to the useful space
do not have time to lose a little weight
and look, you need to lose a little bit, I have it all, and it’s almost Folha
Politics 3 thousand young people out of 120 thousand who are watching us here now here look
And you too, with my son, I already have two vacancies in Rio de Janeiro, they were
Flávio also second third stopped Yeah more back and in the final stretch We
we entered his campaign and the campaign was this internet cost zero air
where he ended up getting elected together with Flávio but unfortunately
and our beloved olive leaf that was Kadett with 59 drinks takes 50 is the day
four years old Already graduated from the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras
and then the position of Captain arrived did an imitate Juninho just like you asked for him
dismissal from the army worked as the state-owned ones was an evangelical religious and
I was mistaken, I was the tenth of this to send me a federal deputy and the first
Senator's If I'm not mistaken 83 years of age out of 300 the trend across
the world gets there right now it's calling the multicolored Red your body you will
get there the day there will be old too
Fountain of Youth machine still not yet space there I don't want space there and
when you go against the use there, if not, if you can't, you can't
go out there on a monday arrives on sunday i teach you it wasn't me good spindle
time in terms of time zone that on earth yes it can now be in the space that the
personal speech is of relativistic effects is very insignificant even with 28 thousand
km per hour of that and the brief retrospective Saturday we had
Rezende you always had a word in the courtyard until I even noticed that in the class
who was getting a sword has many vocations for engineering
(Laughter)
have that the number of vacancies 1 is but I believe that this technical weapon
it would be good to receive this resource, because I follow along with the fabric
while parliamentary for approximately ten years is the evasion of his
loved ones sends here measures 190 per year Adding all official squares what
there will be three times there and a lot of people from Ita's military engineers and
from IME Saúde then the engineer staff also from Maria and they are people who are
very harassed by the private initiative You have been harassing until you have been
ask so folks really want to buy the pass another your Tarcísio I
I'll see Neymar here I arrived, you know, there is a person here in his area I already sold the
exceptional is all praise see you can really see your work on the railroad
highway and the 10 can also then ok son will
having an exceptional person There is no doubt that he is based on salaries
astronomical that really lives up to its competence and it’s for patriotism
with us I also do nothing now how much is it over there underneath
I could be winning with her she said she will talk it is not much more much more well
more pray and other things from Brazil 1 paint the corruption there from Google Play do
governor or parliament of the person you put in my account that which is my
government are the 23 miniseries only access back and official banks I until today right
We are almost two years 0 that I may be that peace cannot the name sight
it may be the has a problem with video in the corner anywhere out there it will run
back goes and such flown in the neck for you can
happen now we doing everything to make it happen but also because in addition to the
technical criterion to nominate people our other minister of
the controllership-general of the union is the captain also Wagner Rosário he is a guy who
he says he keeps running there, his record, you know, seeing contracts maybe
there is an audit of the contracts there with advertising, he takes them there and it’s not just in
his life is not out there either he takes it there to see if the contract is hitting with
what has prey learn first suitable first step there if the contract to be
delivered what is in the contract the Federal Police turned on the yellow light
we don’t have to don’t have to bring any when I history here detonates me
corrupt to do any third party in Brazil is happy service I would like
it doesn't happen a large sized help helps himiko
who knows about us can go from there something that became routine since he charges
right taking advantage of the return of this trip
And of course other things working there Rezende will also be in Caçapava
Old you indicated when the beauty salon on the needle he was not married do
one thing is just to say old Passo Edna Santos Caçapava Velha to do a hair
Store whimsy at the space Edna Edna França e Caçapava
Old woman I'm not charging started not charging you have to pay how much it is
it must be very expensive very expensive but the good It has space in the middle also its Sunday
it was a very special day for Laura's birthday you were invited what i'm
owing a Drone pizza to her was beside herself
to see Let's hit a million okay Laura strong a candidate to sleep 22 right
no you can help Laura yesterday she has a little gift there at Sirius
I remember that she gets a toy back there is
What is the National Research Center in materials is energy and materials, right?
directed upwards of the century ago in good quality that you are an accelerator
electron and fourth most advanced generation on the planet this is important is
there are more than eighty percent done in national technology by companies
nationals is our most advanced science facility in the country and
certainly more advanced here in the hemisphere world than in Latin America and is the
his function is precisely to analyze the atomic structure molecular structure of
any kind of material that we put it yesterday, we used this or the
line Manacá the first line is already in operation And of course they do that
with public resources and more and more difficult for you to invest but there
talking to the engineers they said that given the radio but about 15
kilos given the excellence of companies that exist there we could also from there
had been a biotechnology Silicon Valley to receive exactly there the
eyelashes he is part of the cnp right his research in energy and materials besides
of the particle accelerator we have a bio renewable laboratory a
neuroscience laboratory and biological science laboratory do not
it says of biosciences that is composed of our future, you know A
Plan over there is a biosafety level 4 laboratory to be able to analyze
study and work with viruses for example of very high dangerousness this
there added smoke with all the science infrastructure we have in
back universities other things will not get to Anita vermifugal solar
it started there also started at LNB, right National Laboratory of Biosciences 12
thousand drugs being analyzed with artificial intelligence modeling
mathematician from there five of them were selected to do in vitro tests
with a real cell in the laboratory human cells this gives the nitazoxanide
or Anitta us the cost is reached 94% inhibition of
virus and then went through clinical species were 500 people 500 volunteers I
I also saw people analyzing the rocks there, all of them are oil and could
increase productivity by one hundred percent almost one hundred percent the possibility of
According to this personal analysis, he went there and said he found the ideal detergent
to inject in the maximum amount of oil from Rocha how is that when it’s
holding it there, you're losing it again, trying to stay within our time when
Infante works here in the production of the well starts to get low that if you find
ways to increase this production When you study the rock that was
a sponge with oil appears inside if you inject certain detergent you
manages to make this separation and increase production in this phase then 100
percent will think is to think not to provide the whole combo or that kind of
study can increase from 7 to 10 percent the yield of the pre-salt imagines
Hi catty I'm missing resource I remembered it appeared a while ago here you
to take last past to trobras asked for an Advertising contract with
a Formula 1 team 700 million reais in five years right you’re talking
with the present at the time, right, I can't finish It has all the work
the one who can, right, I saw in mine, we nominate the president
doesn't do that and if found then it was it was terminated and now i said there
no answer is yours are going to look for it to change again if there is one and not
to speak despite a suggestion for work is to invest there in the center Centro
of National Materials Research and if you have resources if you had 60 million
you can be sure we would make our vase there the service of biotechnology
people used to haunt money a lot 700 million 1
and talk about corruption I will not say that this icy option for Everyone thinks that
will understand but of course the other one, the bottom director here is working with
four times it’s vibrating at the time
it's not it's not a 700 million five year old would give 140 million a year Imagine what
we would make the Campinas region happy until we look to see if it is possible ok
for us to have resources, right, for the dead to leverage Science and
Search in our Brazil Look there to look there what the castle resort to
Science Technology the investment he multiplies the time reminds him of that
Israel and Japan business I can't speak speak remember I see that they don't
sometimes you have Navy technicians in it you saw there how are we
praying up to twenty percent and twenty percent 19.9 percent ally there is a
center of the Navy that works with nuclear energy is and all this technology
for enrichment of uranium and also motor development, right of the submarine
Brazilian nuclear This is a project that has a long time and now from there on
ministry has not been pushing enough the multipurpose reactor
this multipurpose reactor is used not only to leverage these
it is but also for health for agriculture many applications also have a return
of huge investment only Brazil is
and the interest of the Americans in Brazil and there in Brazil in the Americans
I also have a dream of adding value there Some minerals we have here and
we do intend to seek agreement with countries such as the United States
in this sense so that Brazil is not only known as an exporter of
response commodities that have in the door field there came he usually says a lot
event demands an iron ore ship there and receives 62 laptop ok and
many times the impurity descent from Iron gives you to pay 50 trips from yesterday
ship out this is called technology and the Mouse so Marco is fulfilling
remember that we have the big and the even graphene and niobium lab and earth
rare already ready to be inaugurated of the return there we also stopped of form and not
there’s nothing ok ok it works well And then Elias Fausto Elias very well to
a football field we were very well received by the population was in the bakery
I bought someone listening Even because I didn’t pay
spoil the really a dream a coke and glass bottle also gets
at ease and
(Laughter) hello you enjoy it a little let me
talk here go there Paulista has a two three months to do all of this but we are
contract in April and May of May then you made a projection of how much will be
invested by the seventh private and all six billion trillion reais in five
how many jobs how many jobs would generate access and there’s a guy there who
not to mention name here it seems that before today you danced with you on the finger
state of it then you say something about the Paulista network for us to go on the project
it’s very good, right, but it’s from the Bolsonaro government and we did the extension of
Paulista mesh is an important suitcase because it connects with the North mesh
that sells Rondonópolis comes from Mato Grosso and connects with the railroad our
that we did the auction there are being invested there 2.8 billion in the railroad
north-south and next year in the middle of next year President will be Opera
and it's going to be working, it's going to be calling and Santos is here in the mesh
Paulista we will invest six billion reais in the next five years so
we will have line doubling we will have sleepers replacement
rail replacement construction of contours Railway construction of
maneuver yard the reactivation of the Colombia branch that was paralyzed was
abandoned the reactivation of the Panorama extension and ultimately between
The capacity of the railway doubles, and in these five years 35 million
tons of capacity for 75 million tomato capacity and one billion and
two hundred will already happen next year so it starts next year after
we will invest 1.9 Bino access to Santos so that this cargo will not
has a bottleneck in the arrival of Porto and few people know but today we are already
down 22 million tons of grain from Mato Grosso to Santos Via
railroad and and it has a lot in the coming years so it's a
phenomenal investment which is one of the Railway investments that we're going to
that we are doing people said the president to hire 30 40 million
you don’t have to change the goal that almost 30 people have already hired another
railroad thing its prediction to go out at night this started Maranhão
Tocantins Goiás dies in the port of Santos and it lacked the 1,500 km 6537 1107 mine
Academy number 1531 is going to love it's first it should be finished by 22 gives
to bring peace there we will go in June next year it will be ready and
maybe explain mine has your favor good we will have all kinds of cargo right
We’ll have the bulk balloons for commodity now for the container we’ll
have the wagon will not operate with double wagon right with double Double Tech container
that we call right, so it’s a lot more load due to the same composition
it's so we adapt the special works of art sounds the overpasses we lowered
line the man we are viaduct to be able to pass with these stacked wagons right
that will give a lot more capacity to the railroad was something we didn't
in Brazil we started to operate in the North network, but the Paulista EA railroad
north-south operating in the same way it's going it's under construction we have for almost
1,200 employees today working on construction in the Piauí Eliseu segment
Martins to Missão Velha in Ceará and from Missão Velha towards the
people are at TCU for us to quote now to do the concession auction
first stretch that believe Ilhéus and the second stretch that Caetité
Barriers It is under construction including the participation of the engineering of our
example has only been a great partner of Tarcísio of the works of the
is the third has been exceptional How to praise the nine months nine Vinícius
now there is a new one, right from January onwards that I Jorge has a jewel of
Military Police will always be competent lawyer friend ok're happy bait
Senate approval yesterday Did you know that his name has no problem
the very dear person worked with me and my son for a while there while
parliamentarians his father is so deserted DVD Sergeant right a person
unfortunately left us in 2018 but our Congratulations TCU da
José's person seeks the president yet something has happened yet something happened
it's not just deep thanks thanks because we've been doing
very used things that would not be and that will bring investment investment
heavy and would not be possible if we did not have this understanding
partnership this construction jointly with the Federal Court of Accounts are crack
they are excellent coaches and will enhance that team that I was going to
say that I'm holding for the service you I you want to make you iron
from here to the moon that you think is stupid is hard doing here ok if you need
of a place to learn things but it’s thinking and bridging it right there
Fernando Noronha the same despite doing something like this
is a bridge from the bridge Ponte Vai right after it is easier to do this
who hung it and or Vilma asphalting the third asphalt to the moon do you think
what else to do is not possible Look I was holding here for the following I
I started my life at Rede Ferroviária Federal da at the age of 14 and an electrician
there apprentice there I always kept looking we need to have more railroad in the
Brazil but if connected it works very well I lived in the 60s I lived in Jundiaí and
there was a lot of family in Campinas, and the trips we did there she is
Iron last he has cutter like that
tomorrow and And I missed the chance to fly in the past
Geez more, let's see if the future I can do a little with him, but it's a case here
the air force has been working on this project for a long time and he
replaces back there that I wasn’t a test pilot yet back in the
90 I made some flights to test in place of the tantrum wanting to replace
trip now finally after all this time we have the glitter coming in
in operation that will be very good for air force to defend the country as a
the whole troop goes to the event too many authors decorated friends
aeronautics look only the director of MS does not recommend the vaccine
against color 2019 is mandatory God dude making a color matters to you
you publish, right, ask when I go right, I don’t have it Can you lie so much to see
when I was close to her and she also posted so MS is what she said
for me another more commented moment the thing matters Do you believe it is not
even if it doesn’t matter, you have to also have a look at whoever spoke to
first time the vaccine didn’t have to be obliged it was me or was it MS
to answer was no or smoking or it was me too who was me in the right place old
I thought about running away it was me and what to depend on me I don’t know
and until the until the national immunization program in addition to vaccines
mandatory who decides the program is and the ministry of health of the Patron
okay, take a little, okay, it was really good, you know?
quickly I put it in this way and also the bowl has to be if
certified by Anvisa I do not send in life some found band in life not life
like the agencies all your independence mine we see if you suffer dating
all agencies there, right, but it's the same, we have to respect independence and
then go go to work meeting her seriously here down there until reason
Morena you're at work so life is not subordinate to me, right?
indicates for Sabbath in the Senate Sou Eu from time to time the names are the teeth are
how they are rejected from the page is not that of natural fathom goes through
by the Sabbath in the Senate and sometimes a person who recommends people over there
that we want to talk about Kátia is one thing and it goes on and on
agency to pray quite closely doing this to us it is we even the very
bar table right Mia personal communication and he is an exceptional doctor today he
talking about giving an interview about this vaccine issue really person
quite balanced who complains about a delay in VISA see a few years ago ok
that the thing that was not really resolved from God total reality and
Anvisa only has to give praise for Anvisa and the viewpoint ba also said that
appearing a vaccine in the world, right, she came here first, health later
Anvisa that will give certification now he will not run will not be in 72
hours and here he told me that he goes there and say that loud
distribution in Brazil After all, the responsibility I love doing the
question that is just yes or no because it crashed the car start thinking slices
that taking it all lit up the vaccine depends on you if it is mandatory or
optional the account of you is as I said yesterday is not to miss active
optional on the state scene and has already managed to think that 18 governors
this Kelly filing a lawsuit in the Federal Supreme Court so that the
surprise then it is their will for each state to determine if the vaccine is going to be
mandatory or not well São Paulo we have no doubt that if I advise it will be
mandatory right that the Supreme Court decides This way understood doubt if it will decide the
way or not but it is mandatory for what the governor said a few days ago
has an image of him saying that the vaccine is mandatory for 45 million people
lunch here is mandatory then the citizen goes there and takes bacedo
and it appears soon afterwards it may be by the virus itself it may be mute disease
right Another disease and aggravated by the hair can be injected the vaccine is this
stinking citizen of family members will go to court Look that my husband my grandfather
my uncle my great-grandfather died of a lot of fruit behind it now you can
imagine you can imagine compelling someone to get a vaccine isn't it just said
and just said the director of the MS just said that it will not be mandatory
the vaccine to depend on MS Has anyone seen any head of state in the world I
I haven’t seen yet say that your country’s vaccine will be mandatory Regional to another
thing they wanted him to buy 100 million doses of the vaccine from China or
I was not going to do it, it’s not yet recognized by the health game it wasn’t
certified by Anvisa click buy if I'm seeing something from the press
hit me Ah ok hit me how much does it cost
then I don’t know why he ruled that government also has a video of him
the video another video of him also saying that he will sell São Paulo every page of
suddenly saying that you are going to buy is going to be mandatory either to justify the expense
will apply is this does not work like this while I go by the Republic will not
be that way this is democracy EA Freedom no one will compel anyone
get the vaccine and whoever does not take it without getting contaminated will die one day
his answer now force the guy to get the vaccine ok he can die for other
things more to have, you know, help the lawyer think there was a cause-effect relationship
with the vaccine sue the state as to what you saw a lot this could for
reveal were provided the apprentices of dwarf figure dictators
and hypocritical dumb boçais think that it will be in charge of his state will
take a vaccine will take you put a canister that you will understand coca-cola for the
Bahia will take you to understand the fight and other people will be fired there
and I doubt it here justice doesn’t matter I hope it’s going to force someone
it took five days you do not exist there is not only God to have freedom put epoxy
don't want to say something to you and the free charge the following just
to remember that we did all the tests with Volunteers for me to do the
life exam and every time you have a volunteer to do they have to
sign a document ie the deal is not tested is not done yet you
can compel anyone to make a participate as a volunteer put your
life-threatening you did, right, it didn't even have side effects But even
so you have to make a bridge that connects nothing to nowhere to abandon
abandoned that picks up and goes to the and I think for União motor a
respect that I have several Ribeiro only from there is not rewarding for what we
have knowledge here if he presents What is the economy of Vale do Ribeira in
most of the banana the banana goes up the mountain range Ali goes to São Paulo has the
Jessica It is starting from today where tomorrow new
new board president at CEAGESP is the colonel of the São Paulo Military Police
Melo Araújo commanded the route and is getting there to really make a
brilliant job he already talked to me i don't know if it is today or tomorrow the
his meeting with the leaders and Jessica will be available to him
guys what's wrong there he will resolve this matter ok and may have
sure you can believe her channel Araújo gives you time in São Paulo that you guys
They will usually fall in love with him and I will see in CEAGESP will change back in
São Paulo it is not easy for you to work in some state-owned companies Brazil do you have
all the time other things more time but it's not easy that's it Santos I
I already had I think there is no viado Economics has no cargo Rail right to maintain
that stretch within the concession now the domain range is available
so we can use it in partnership with the city halls of the region
the domain for the mobility project for the tourist train for the extension of
Via Municipal Privada You are now ready to be cheaper than your feet to do
everything do you think a private company I would invest in there for the purpose of
low-load tourism we have to take the test, you have to do the hearing
of the market now we will have a very good idea about it when the
our railroad authorization project was approved in Congress he
will give us the exact dimension because then any investor who wants to
taking a risk Rail will be able to take and own the railroad
it will be eminently private investment, right? It has a series of
Tariff Freedom benefits a longer time for the exploration of the asset
does not have the reversibility of goods is a revolutionary project
Brazil is there in Congress to be voted on
Adenilson's blog 19 cm is on Speech there was nitazoxanide there I have a lot
to talk about it there Some are thinking that it is not a good deal it is a
excellent deal will boost truck freight much more than it was
the President moment if the ship leaves the port with 18,000 with 18,000 contains has
that arrive at the post 18,000 contented have to leave the for they will arrive from
lunch truck we will have even more work I did has happened which is the
first example some of the and the the Marco tie of the startups the lack of
realizes caution hi good night chairman 'good night
Minister Tarcísio de Freitas and Marcos Pontes Minister Tarcísio The diversion of
money destined to combat covid-19 was facilitated by purchases without bidding
what should be done to prevent this type of robbery
and thank you thank you Augusto it’s a lot of time, right No but we can talk about
combating corruption in general and We created in the ministry structure
a program called anti-corruption radar we take the determination there very seriously
of the president to create the area of ​​integrity today in the ministry of
structure We have two Federal Police Delegates working in the office
but a whole team that works in support we have an intelligence officer
we have the staff at Egeo and this has helped us to combat the problems of
deviation so we do but there is a selection process for manager we
we have the integrity analysis of the profiles there we have a facility a
differentiated channel for handling complaints and this is preventing the
wrongdoing so it's an incentive that we had the determination of the president has
intolerant and with the issue of corruption and it's giving
Serra Augusto much Imagine if there was no way for you to investigate
and inhibit the party that would not be calling only for health and surpassed 400 years ago
billions of reais is reached 700 only send it there Essence I send a help
emergency anticipation of identification right allocation of resources for
governors and mayors is to compensate for the small and medium-sized SS and NSS Socorro fair
nozzles companies fire guilty thing the government not seen in the gain in the world
so in terms of the economy, Brazil was the country that apart from China, maybe that
I feel better that you better get out of this thing with regard to the economy now
want to get into something economics is life without money guy starves to death post
depression is subject to acquires and other diseases that given to the state
his health are already a little weakened by the prone to die by then this
everything happens now of regrettably the corruption that occurred, right in some
states Brazil is ashamed of us all this process to be done in all
Ministries see the mystery Follow the same principle this is important we will
have a great internal control and the jusa a
Hi good night president 'good night Minister Bridges when administering Swan
Tarcísio What are the concession or privatization projects and
infrastructure that Mr. República most urgent in this can when he who
depend on deliberation of the national congress thank you
the off uses I understand that the initiatives that are in the National Congress and that
has the capacity to accelerate investments are all important the
BR do mar project is important that will generate investment in cabotage as it has already
Railway authorization is important because it will generate investments in
railway the gas law is important what is the cheap energy shock is we have
so the privatization of Eletrobras and the privatization of the post office are things that
will pass through the congress and has the ability to leverage resources only
to have an idea Eletrobras would have to invest 15 20 million per year and
today it has the capacity to invest 2.53 million per year so they are initiatives
that will bring governance and make an investment is a set of actions
plus the bill of the bill that deals with foreign exchange swap bill that deals with
of the debentures this incentive to the capital market and at the end of the
and will be a source of funding for the various structural concessions that we
we are going to do so there are a very large number of projects and the government has
dealt with this with the party leaders this will help Brazil a lot by
percent CNPJ come on there people who complement here we present the
disposable regulatory framework project has seen strictly mark here in the
Startup legal framework has been worked on at mcti 10,700
technology innovations and communications and the ministry of economics since February
last year or this week a milestone was sent to the congress
extremely important to improve the life of startups in Brazil in all
senses is regulation a skip part of legal too and with that it is good to remember
that stakes spout small companies in Brazil they correspond to a percentage
very large of CNPJ c52 per cent and in the case of jobs with a formal contract,
an extremely important thing we also have tourism 4.0 now for
this week together with minister Marcelo Antônio turismo 4.0 to also accelerate
technology in tourism now in the recovery of the country you saw the
capacity of the Brazilian last week you took it there in front of the
Republic two boy groups this is what makes math 10th place and more
100 countries this I know how many things countries 152 countries tenth best
historical placement of the mathematical country and we were two times champion and economy exactly
even the rent was touched when he saw it is lost now it's Paulo who is
crying right by the way it is important we cried with emotion is two-time world champion the kids
this title here is the country of soccer football also right but many other
things for sure already thought of importance but already comes fabric
this bi-world economics championship is a pride for everyone but one thing that
they can only be here thank you next week we’re back we have a week trip
next you have to have a trip this week next week too
do you know where we are going next week I can’t go to A scholarships
because a verbal order of the excellent that the governor who did not provide in what not
determined that his Military Police did not do that job that is
natural and normal and I say the coolest thing is to do it on the occasion of a visit
quality so and safety is mine then in person already Augusto Heleno that the
head of the national civilian office is decided on how he will lack the
support from the Military Police doesn’t sing well but it’s because of the governor
of verbal When hitting a place in the region is right
and we take the exit I apologize I to the pastors is here so invite me
for this event among other activities in the region.
prerequisites you want we will go there to visit this state and we will prepare
better not to depend on any other security than ours, rather than the
my part will never give up the Military Police to participate even because sewage
participant chat take photo exchange idea Comment something about
some problems that interest all police officers in Brazil who they are during
ask everyone is watching me now here back from Jovem Pan dripping in rivers
let's watch my Augusto Lúcio Fiuza there he has more must go out
until eight right to talk about our Live here to praise or criticize or
complement in a way thank you all until next Thursday if God
want the beach